[Jazzar Pasha]
Ahmed Pasha al-Jazzar (Arabic: أحمد باشا الجزّار, c. 1720–30s – 7 May 1804) was the Acre-based Bosniak Ottoman governor of Sidon Eyalet from 1776 until his death in 1804 and the simultaneous governor of Damascus Eyalet in 1785–1786, 1790–1795, 1798–1799, and 1803–1804. Having left his native Bosnia as a youth, he began a military career in Egypt in the service of mamluk officials, eventually becoming a chief enforcer for Ali Bey al-Kabir, Egypt's practical ruler.  Al-Jazzar fell out with Ali Bey in 1768 after refusing to take part in the assassination of another of his former masters. He ultimately fled to Syria, where he was tasked by the Ottomans with defending Beirut from a joint assault by the Russian Navy and Zahir al-Umar, the Acre-based ruler of northern Palestine. He eventually surrendered and entered Zahir's service before defecting from him. After the Ottomans defeated and killed Zahir, they appointed al-Jazzar as their garrison commander in Acre. He pacified the Galilee and Mount Lebanon, which had been dominated by Zahir's kinsmen and the Druze forces of Yusuf Shihab, respectively. In 1776 or 1777, he was appointed governor of Sidon, but relocated the provincial capital to Acre, which he strongly fortified. In the following years, he defeated his erstwhile Shia Muslim ally, Nasif al-Nassar, consolidating his control over Jabal Amil (modern southern Lebanon). In 1785, al-Jazzar was appointed to his first of four terms as governor of Damascus, each time gaining more influence in the province's affairs in opposition to his rivals from the Azm family. In 1799, with the help of the British navy, al-Jazzar defended Acre from Napoleon, forcing the latter to withdraw from Palestine in disarray. His successful defense of Acre earned him prestige in the empire and made him well known in Europe. Al-Jazzar died in office in 1804. He was ultimately succeeded in Acre by his mamluk Sulayman Pasha al-Adil; until his suppression of a mamluk revolt in 1789, al-Jazzar had appointed mamluks to senior posts in his military and administration. Al-Jazzar attempted to develop the areas under his control by improving road security and maintaining order. However, his domestic military expeditions and stringently enforced and exploitative taxation policies precipitated high emigration, although the cities of Acre and Beirut prospered. The former became a powerful regional center rivaling Damascus and until today contains many architectural works commissioned by al-Jazzar, such as its walls, the el-Jazzar Mosque and the Khan al-Umdan caravanserai.

Al-Jazzar arrived in Egypt as a freeman and was not a mamluk (manumitted slave soldier) in the traditional sense. However, the respect and admiration he gained from the Mamluks of Egypt for his loyalty to his Mamluk master and the revenge he took on the Bedouin for his death earned him a welcoming into the Mamluk ranks. Among those impressed with the loyalty and courage of al-Jazzar was Ali Bey al-Kabir, who adopted al-Jazzar as his protégé. Ali Bey appointed al-Jazzar sanjak-bey (district governor) of Cairo, and he became known as "Ahmad Bey al-Jazzar". Al-Jazzar was tasked with enforcing law and order in the province, but was also assigned to discreetly eliminate Ali Bey's enemies. He shared this task with Abu al-Dhahab at times. In September 1768, Ali Bey instructed al-Jazzar and Abu al-Dahab to assassinate Salih Bey because Ali Bey perceived him as a threat to his power. Al-Jazzar was wary of killing his old friend and master, and proceeded to warn Salih Bey of Ali Bey's plot. Salih Bey did not believe that Ali Bey, a close friend and ally, would have him killed and dismissed al-Jazzar's warning, going so far as to approach Ali Bey himself and report the matter. Ali Bey denied the plot and informed Salih Bey that he was only testing the loyalty of al-Jazzar. Salih Bey was indeed ambushed and killed by Ali Bey's men. Al-Jazzar was present among the hitmen, but did not participate in the actual assassination. Abu al-Dahab, who was also present, reported al-Jazzar's lack of enthusiasm in the operation to Ali Bey. Fearing for his life in lieu of his betrayal of Ali Bey, al-Jazzar fled Cairo dressed as a Maghrebi. Before leaving his home, he instructed his family to tell anyone who inquired about him that he was ill and could not see visitors. Ali Bey's men sought to arrest al-Jazzar and learned of his escape to the port of Alexandria and pursued him. However, al-Jazzar managed to board a ship heading to Istanbul hours before the arrival of Ali Bey's men to the port.

In August 1775, the Ottomans, having secured a truce with the Russians, redoubled their efforts to end Zahir's autonomous rule. Zahir was defeated and killed on 22 August. Later, in September, Sultan Abdul Hamid I appointed al-Jazzar muhafiz of Acre, and prior to his departure to Constantinople, Hasan Kapudan Pasha, the Ottoman admiral who led the campaign against Zahir, handed control of Acre over to al-Jazzar. Al-Jazzar, using his influence in Constantinople, managed to secure promotion as the administrator of Sidon Eyalet with the rank of vezir (minister), but not wali (governor), in March 1776. He was also officially ranked as a pasha of three horsetails, the highest pasha rank, in the spring of 1776. While the administrative capital of Sidon Eyalet was nominally Sidon, al-Jazzar made Acre his seat of power. Part of the reason that al-Jazzar chose Acre as his headquarters was that the city's citadel provided him a more strategic advantage over Sidon in the event of a potential dismissal by the Ottoman authorities from his post; the central Ottoman authorities replaced provincial governors relatively quickly, either out of fear that a prolonged reign would lead to a governor's rebellion or in pursuit of bribes that aspiring governors often paid to gain appointment. According to historian William Harris, "al-Jazzar aimed to make himself indispensable, while respecting Ottoman sovereignty." Al-Jazzar's move to Acre was meant to secure his rule and he proceeded to strengthen the city's fortifications and stock up on arms, artillery and ammunition. Initially, al-Jazzar's power was effectively limited to Acre because Zahir's Zaydani kinsmen still controlled their fortress villages in the Galilee and challenged the new order. Indeed, al-Jazzar's official justification for relocating the province's headquarters to Acre was to eliminate the remnants of Zahir's realm still active in the city's hinterland. The most significant Zaydani opponent resisting al-Jazzar was Zahir's son Ali, who was based in Deir Hanna. Meanwhile, Nasif al-Nassar submitted to al-Jazzar's authority. The Shia Muslim clans sought to make amends with the Ottoman authorities following their alliance with Zahir and the principal Shia Muslim notable of Tyre hosted al-Jazzar during his visit to the city in the spring of 1776. Meanwhile, Hasan Kapudan returned to Acre in the summer of 1776, and he and al-Jazzar, whose forces were bolstered by Nasif's Shia horsemen, besieged Deir Hanna, which capitulated in June. With the defeat of Zahir's sons, al-Jazzar consolidated his control over Acre and the Safad area.

Q: What are the fundamental concepts in Renaissance?

[Renaissance Center]
The Renaissance Center, commonly known as the RenCen, is a complex of seven connected skyscrapers in downtown Detroit, Michigan, United States. Located on the Detroit International Riverfront, the RenCen is owned and used by General Motors as its world headquarters. The complex includes a 73-story Marriott hotel at its center, surrounded by four 39-story office towers, connected by a large square podium containing public spaces, a conference center, retail stores, restaurants, and a company showroom. Developed as an urban renewal project in the 1970s, the Renaissance Center was envisioned as a "city-within-a-city," and was meant to anchor a wider redevelopment of the then-declining city of Detroit. The project was developed and funded by a consortium led by the Ford Motor Company, and John Portman served as its principal architect. The five original towers were built in the Modern architectural style and completed in 1977, with two matching towers added later in 1981. General Motors purchased the Renaissance Center in 1996, and moved its global headquarters to the complex. An extensive renovation, completed in 2004, altered its Brutalist interior, improved access to the center from downtown, and added a glass retail atrium and public plaza on the riverfront. A distinctive feature of Detroit's skyline, the RenCen is widely considered a landmark and cultural icon of the city. With 5,552,000 square feet (515,800 m2) of usable space, it is one of the world's largest commercial complexes, and the central tower has been the tallest building in Michigan since its completion in 1977. At its completion, the Renaissance Center was the largest private development in the history of the United States, and the central tower was the world's tallest hotel. In recent years, the massive center has struggled with declining occupancy, particularly stemming from increased remote work amid the COVID-19 pandemic. General Motors has announced plans to move its headquarters away from the Renaissance Center in 2025, leaving the future of the complex uncertain. Redevelopment of the RenCen is under consideration, and could include full or partial demolition.

During the 1980 Republican National Convention, hosted at nearby Joe Louis Arena, presidential nominee Ronald Reagan and former President Gerald Ford both stayed at the Renaissance Center. In 1987, the elevated Detroit People Mover transit line began operation with a stop at the Renaissance Center.

The Renaissance Center is a riverfront property located along the Detroit River. Approximately one-mile north of the center are Comerica Park and Ford Field, the respective venues for the Detroit Tigers and Detroit Lions. The US portal of the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel emerges adjacent to the western boundary of the Renaissance Center. The Renaissance Center is also a station on the Detroit People Mover. Additionally a pedestrian skyway, over Jefferson Avenue, connects the complex to the Millender Center. Several blocks to the west of the Renaissance Center, along Jefferson Avenue, there are the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center, Hart Plaza, Huntington Place (formerly Cobo Center, home to events such as the North American International Auto Show and Youmacon) and the Joe Louis Arena (former home of the Detroit Red Wings). The University of Detroit Mercy School of Law is located just across Jefferson Avenue. The Renaissance Center's modernist architecture balances the city's panoramic waterfront skyline, a frequent feature in photography taken from Windsor, Ontario, across the river. From the top of Renaissance Center's previous Coach Insignia restaurant (closed in 2017), patrons were able to peer down upon the neo-gothic spires of the One Detroit Center and the city's Financial District skyscrapers and stadiums. The view from the top extended for 30 miles (48 km) in all directions. The Renaissance Center grounds constitute ZIP code 48243.

Q: What are the main principles behind Jazz?

[Jazzar Pasha]
Al-Jazzar's relations with Nasif soured by September 1781, when, according to the local Shia chronicler Ali al-Subayti, the Shia sheikh of Hunin requested al-Jazzar's intervention against Nasif. Al-Jazzar dispatched one of his senior mamluk  commanders, Salim Pasha al-Kabir, with 3,000 troops against Nasif and his Ali al-Saghir al-Wa'il clan. On 23–24 September, al-Jazzar's forces routed Nasif's forces, killing Nasif and 470 of his cavalrymen in a three-hour-long battle at Yaroun. Most of the leading Shia sheikhs of Jabal Amil were killed during a subsequent series of assaults against Shia-held fortress towns, the last being the Beaufort Castle (Shaqif Arnun), where the Shia clans made a last stand. Beaufort's inhabitants were not harmed following their surrender, and al-Jazzar coordinated their flight to the Beqaa Valley. This came to mark the virtual end of Shia autonomy in Jabal Amel. The remainder of the leading Shia sheikhs took refuge with the Harfush clan in the Beqaa Valley. According to the French consul of Sidon and local Shia chronicler Haydar Rida al-Rukayni, following the defeat of the Shia sheikhs, Druze forces took the sheikhs' women and others as captives to al-Jazzar himself in Sidon, while Isma'il Shihab of Hasbaya proceeded to extort the survivors in return for protection. Massive amounts of valuables were seized from the Shia and their fortresses were largely demolished. In mid-October, Nasif's son 'Aqid launched a last-ditch effort against al-Jazzar's forces in the Beqaa Valley, but he ultimately fled during the battle. With this, Jabal Amil was conquered and the port city of Tyre became a permanent part of al-Jazzar's realm. The Sublime Porte (Ottoman imperial government) commended al-Jazzar's victory in a letter filled with rhapsodic praise and a promise to him of the empire's unyielding support to "clean the land of the filth of their existence", in reference to the Shia clans.

In 1798 General Bonaparte conquered Egypt as part of his campaign against the Ottomans. The French invasion caused popular riots in Damascus, prompting the Ottomans to replace Abdullah Pasha as Wali of Damascus with Ibrahim Pasha al-Halabi, who became the target of an uprising. Al-Jazzar was ultimately appointed to a post akin to caretaker governor of Damascus and his troops subsequently restored order in the city. Upon al-Jazzar's visit to Damascus, he had numerous aghawat beheaded with their heads on display at the gate of the citadel. Meanwhile, in February 1799, Bonaparte entered Palestine, first occupying Gaza and then moving north along the coastal plain, where eventually laid siege to Jaffa. Jaffa was defended by al-Jazzar's troops, but they surrendered during the siege in return for French promises that they would not be killed. However, in custody al-Jazzar's troops were not given food or shelter, and after several days French forces marched them, 3,000 or 4,000 in all, to the sand dunes of Jaffa's shore and executed them by bayonet over the course of several days. Simultaneous with the execution of al-Jazzar's troops, a plague afflicted Bonaparte's troops, resulting in numerous deaths. Bonaparte's army then captured Haifa and used it as a staging ground for their siege of Acre. Al-Jazzar commanded his troops in Acre and personally scaled the town's walls and engaged in direct fighting with French soldiers. Prior to Bonaparte's arrival at Acre, al-Jazzar's forces had been bolstered by an advance brigade of 700 troops dispatched by the Sublime Porte. With access to the sea largely unfettered, he was able to secure supplies and reinforcements. Among the key reinforcements were some 800 British marines, who were led by Sidney Smith. The British Navy, specifically two men-of-war ships, also came to al-Jazzar's aid and bombarded Bonaparte's trenches through the course of the siege, resulting in heavy French casualties prior to the arrival of artillery batteries that the French used to shell Acre's fortress. After 62 days, Bonaparte withdrew his army with heavy loss of life on 20 May. The Ottomans had been shocked by Bonaparte's invasion of Egypt, and were "spared further military embarrassment" by al-Jazzar's successful defense of Acre, according to historian Bruce Masters. His Muslim and Christian contemporaries both regarded his victory over the French Army as his greatest achievement. Al-Jazzar's victory significantly boosted his prestige. Mass celebrations in Damascus and Aleppo followed his victory, and al-Jazzar became "the defender of the faith" in Muslim public opinion, while being credited by European observers as among the few to have defeated Bonaparte. Following Napoleon's withdrawal, al-Jazzar requested from the Sublime Porte to be appointed commander-in-chief of Egypt and lead the Ottoman reconquest of the province. Sultan Selim III's military advisers considered al-Jazzar's request, but ultimately decided that appointing al-Jazzar to Egypt would only empower him further and make him difficult to remove from the province. Instead, the Ottomans assembled an army under Grand Vizier, Kör Yusuf Ziya Pasha, to restore Ottoman control in Egypt. Yusuf Pasha restored Abdullah Pasha al-Azm to the governorship of Damascus in mid-1799, ending al-Jazzar's third and shortest (seven months) tenure in Damascus.

He was a man famous for his personal strength, his ferocious courage, his cruelty, and his insatiable avarice, as well as for the great power which the active exertion of all these qualities together procured for him. The Ottomans attempted to stop a potential power struggle from occurring in Acre when it became apparent that al-Jazzar was seriously ill, and in April 1804, they secretly appointed the Wali of Aleppo, Ibrahim Pasha Qataraghasi, as the wali of both the Sidon and Damascus eyalets, officially replacing al-Jazzar. After al-Jazzar's death, however, one of his imprisoned officers, Isma'il Pasha, was released by friendly soldiers. Isma'il assumed power in Acre in defiance of the Sublime Porte, which condemned him as a rebel in June. The Ottomans dispatched Qataraghasi to defeat Isma'il and assert his governorship of the Sidon and Damascus eyalets. Qataraghasi was backed by Sulayman Pasha on his way back from the Hajj, and the two men besieged Isma'il in Acre. Qataraghasi had to withdraw from the siege to begin the miri collection tour and prepare for the scheduled departure of the Hajj caravan in January 1805. This left Sulayman in command of the siege, during which Sulayman was appointed Wali of Sidon, which further motivated him to defeat Isma'il. The latter launched a sortie from Acre against Sulayman's troops near Shefa-'Amr and in the ensuing battle, Sulayman was victorious.

Q: How did Renaissance influence modern society?

[Renaissance Center]
The centerpiece is the 73-story 727-foot (221.5 m) luxury hotel with 1,246 rooms and 52 suites (1298 total guest rooms). Its height is measured from its main Wintergarden entrance on Atwater Street which faces the International Riverfront where the complex measures 14 feet (4.3 m) taller. Entirely owned by General Motors, the complex has 5,552,000 square feet (515,800 m2) of space. The main Renaissance Center complex rises from a 14-acre (5.7 ha) site. The complex is designed in the modern architectural style with glass as a main material. Famous for its cylindrical design, the central hotel tower's diameter is 188 feet (57 m). A lighted glass walkway radiates the mezzanine level and encircles the base of cylindrical hotel tower for ease of navigation. This ringed glass walkway is about 12 feet (3.7 m) wide and has a circumference of approximately 660 feet (200 m) or about one-eighth of a mile around. The ringed walkway's diameter is approximately 210 feet (64 m). It links to several other walkways in the complex. The five-story Wintergarden atrium leads into the central area which has an eight-story atrium lobby with rounded concrete balconies and terraces. The Highlands is located on Floors 71 through 73, which includes a restaurant, scotch bar, and special events space.  The hotel has no floors labeled 7, 8, or 13. The hotel features a major conference center with 100,000 square feet (9,300 m2) of meeting space including a Renaissance Ballroom for up to 2,200 guests with 26,000 square feet (2,400 m2) for events, one of the largest in the United States. John Portman designed the five-building rosette with interior spaces. In 1977, its central tower opened as the tallest hotel in the world. It remains the tallest all hotel skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere. The smaller cylinders on sides of all the towers house the elevators. The four surrounding 39-story office towers (100–400) each reach 522 feet (159 m) and have a total of 2,200,000 square feet (204,400 m2) of space. Each 39-story tower has a base five-story podium structure with 165,000 square feet (15,300 m2) for retail space for a total of 660,000 square feet (61,000 m2). A portion of the central atrium area houses GM World, a showcase for GM vehicles. Two 21-story towers (500–600), designed by Portman and constructed in 1981, reach 339 feet (103 m). GM gained control of Towers 500 and 600 in 2001. Tower 500 has 307,300 square feet (28,550 m2) of office space and an additional 14,485 square feet (1,350 m2) of retail space. Tower 600 has 304,200 square feet (28,260 m2) of office space and an additional 35,730 square feet (3,320 m2) of retail space. Towers 100 and 200 front Jefferson Avenue. Towers 300 and 400 are on the main Wintergarden/Atwater Street entrance facing the Riverfront. The GM Renaissance Conference Center is located on the second floor of tower 300. The design is consistent with the themes of Brutalist architecture, especially in the heavy massing of concrete on the lower floors, but the 2001 renovation has softened those features. The "city within a city" concept was duplicated in the suburb of Southfield, when the Southfield Town Center office complex - with five inter-connected golden skyscrapers and an overall area of 2,200,000 square feet (200,000 m2) - was constructed from 1975 to 1989. In the ensuing years, the Renaissance Center would face competition from the growing suburban office market.

The redevelopment project included the work of many different architects including Skidmore, Owings & Merrill of Chicago, SmithGroup of Detroit, and Ghafari Associates of Dearborn who did the renovation of the office towers. The majority of the construction operations were led by Turner Construction Company. The structural glass and steel for the Wintergarden, the entrance lobby as well as the mezzanine glass walkway were contributed by Mero. The cost of the renovation does not include the cost for reconfiguring the streets around the Renaissance Center or the cost of the park along the International Riverfront.

In June 2015 the Ren Cen 4 Theatres theater complex announced that it was closing. With the end of Ren Cen 4, the city of Detroit has one first-run theater remaining, along with three independent theaters. In July 2007 portions of Asian Village, a development of restaurants in Suite 2653 in the GM Center (200 Renaissance Center) with Asian cuisine offered, opened. The center was designed to evoke street food stalls within East and Southeast Asia.

Q: How does Jazz relate to contemporary issues?
Q: What makes Jazz significant?

[Jazzar Pasha]
Al-Jazzar used his experiences and knowledge from his career with the Mamluks of Egypt to set up the mamluk system of military rule in Acre. Prior to the dissolution of his mamluk household in 1789, mamluks served as al-Jazzar's personal bodyguards and political advisers, as well as his subordinate administrators in the other cities and areas of his realm. The inner circle of his mamluk household was made up of Salim Pasha al-Kabir, Salim Pasha al-Saghir, Sulayman Pasha and Ali Agha Khazindar. They were either purchased or given to him during his time in Egypt, but it is not clear if they left Egypt with him in 1768 or if they moved to Acre after al-Jazzar was given the governorship of Sidon. Al-Jazzar had an emotional attachment to his mamluks and when his first mamluk, Salim Pasha al-Kabir, died in 1786 from the plague, al-Jazzar "cried like a child", according to the French consul in Acre. Despite the profound sense of betrayal he felt at the rebellion of his senior mamluks, when Sulayman Pasha returned to Acre in 1802, al-Jazzar "received him like a lost son", according to Philipp. Towards the end of the 18th century, al-Jazzar employed Haim Farhi, a Damascene Jew from a banking family, to serve as his treasury manager and administrative adviser. At one point, al-Jazzar dismissed and arrested Farhi and had his eye gouged, and his ears and nose cut. Farhi was restored to his position and his role in Acre became increasingly influential under al-Jazzar's successors, Sulayman Pasha and Abdullah Pasha. After establishing himself in Acre, al-Jazzar assigned a small of group of Kurds commanded by a certain Shaykh Taha, who was considered by the Muslims of al-Jazzar's realm to be a Yazidi and a devil worshiper, to administer internal security. In effect, they became responsible for running prisons and carrying out the torture and execution of individuals.

In a description of al-Jazzar's rule in Acre, Renaudot wrote that al-Jazzar was "violent, carried away by his temperament; though he is not inaccessible ... He is sometimes just, great, and generous, at other times furious and bloody." Commenting on his method of rule, al-Jazzar wrote "In order to govern the people of this land, one cannot be too severe. But if I strike with one hand, I recompense with the other. This is how I maintained for thirty years, in spite of everybody, complete possession of all [the land] between the Orontes and the estuary of the Jordan". Al-Jazzar maintained a significant level of popularity and familiarity with the inhabitants of Acre, and would often invite the town's poorer residents to hear their complaints and console them. According to Olivier, al-Jazzar would have "constantly enormous pots of rice in his palace for the destitute and the old" and had "money distributed to them every week with the greatest regularity". Al-Jazzar is reputed to have walked around with a mobile gallows in case anyone displeased him. French Orientalist Pierre Amédée Jaubert visited Acre in 1802 and wrote that al-Jazzar maintained a well-guarded prison whose doors he kept open so that residents could view the incarcerated prior to their torture or execution. According to the contemporary chronicler Mikha'il Mishaqah, "even in the worst of his infamy, he maintained equal treatment of his subjects of different religions, for he would imprison Muslim ulema, Christian priests, Jewish rabbis and Druze elders alike." However, unlike during Zahir's reign when Muslims and Christians lived harmoniously, al-Jazzar did not attempt to put a stop to incidents of harassment against Christians in Nazareth by Muslim peasants who entered the town during Friday prayers. Following the French occupation and withdrawal from Palestine in 1799, local Muslim anger was directed at local Christians, with the Catholics of Ramla in particular being killed, plundered and forced to flee. Al-Jazzar did not make an effort to end these attacks and instead took advantage of popular anger to order attacks against the Christians of Nazareth and Jerusalem. These directives were aborted by al-Jazzar following a warning by British admiral Sidney Smith. In the early years of his rule, al-Jazzar maintained an amiable relationship with the Jews of Galilee. As part of rehabilitation of Safad, which had been destroyed by the Near East earthquakes of 1759, he called on Jews to help settle the city, offering rate reductions in taxes and customs duties. However, following the 1799 siege of Acre by Napoleon, relations between al-Jazzar and the Jewish community became marked by extortion on al-Jazzar's part to make up for financial losses incurred during the war.

"They say al-Jazzar is cruel and barbaric; he is only just." — Jazzar Pasha, in response to European perceptions of him. Philipp asserts that "al-Jazzar must have been a highly unpleasant ruler and probably did suffer towards the end of his life from paranoia, but there were also different sides to his personality". Accordingly, Philipp indicates that al-Jazzar's biography by Abd al-Rahman al-Jabarti, an 18th-century contemporary Arabic chronicler, "provides ... a much more sober account of al-Jazzar's life", which is largely corroborated by another Arabic contemporary source, Ahmad Haydar al-Shihab. Both al-Jabarti, who was based in Cairo, and al-Shihab, who was based in Mount Lebanon, had considerable access to information about al-Jazzar and though their accounts are similar, they did not correspond with each other or share sources. The early 19th-century English writer E. D. Clarke commented that European stories of al-Jazzar "are easily propagated, and as readily believed and it is probable that many of them are without foundation." Nonetheless, Philipp states "the testimony is too general and too consistent to dismiss all accusations against him [al-Jazzar]".

Q: What are the main principles behind Renaissance?
Q: Why is Renaissance important to understand?

[Renaissance Center]
For the 2005 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, which was played at Comerica Park in Detroit, the center tower of the Renaissance Center was wrapped with an image of a large baseball smashing into the tower, with "4,612 FT" written below it to indicate the distance from home plate at Comerica Park. The Renaissance Center served as the media center for Super Bowl XL in 2006, with the Wintergarden used as a broadcast studio for ESPN's pre-game programming. The central tower was wrapped with a large logo promoting the event. In 2008, GM hosted a centennial gala in the Wintergarden, which included the reveal of the production Chevrolet Volt. From 2010 to 2022, the Renaissance Center hosted Youmacon, an annual anime convention. The event was hosted entirely at the RenCen in 2010 and 2011, and later shared with Cobo Center beginning in 2012. In 2015, the convention featured a performance by the rock band Crush 40. A concert series, called Rockin' On the Riverfront, was held in the riverfront plaza from 2011 to 2019. The concert series featured acts like Pat Benatar, Rick Derringer, The Guess Who, Blue Öyster Cult, Randy Bachman, Foreigner, Dave Mason, Starship, REO Speedwagon, Ace Frehley, Eddie Money, Loverboy, 38 Special, Steppenwolf, Vince Neil, Jon Anderson, and many more. Since 2023, the annual Detroit Grand Prix has been hosted on the streets surrounding the RenCen, with the event offices and media center located inside, and public events held in the center and adjacent parking garages. The Michigan Democratic Party hosted its 2025 annual convention in the RenCen.

The opening scenes of Thunder in the Skies, the sixth episode of the BBC science-history documentary Connections (1978), were visibly filmed in the then-new Renaissance Center. The Renaissance Center is featured in the film Action Jackson (1988). In Collision Course (1989), Pat Morita's and Jay Leno's characters first meet in the Renaissance Center; Morita's character is considered a suspect and chased through the hotel. A chase scene in Bird on a Wire (1990) was filmed inside the RenCen. In the opening scene of Renaissance Man (1994), Danny DeVito's character drives down Jefferson Avenue, late for a business meeting at the Renaissance Center, when he receives the phone call that fires him from his job. The Renaissance Center is featured in Grosse Pointe Blank (1997). In Out of Sight (1998), the main characters meet in the revolving restaurant atop the Renaissance Center. In The Upside of Anger (2005), Kevin Costner plays a DJ for WRIF, whose studio (as depicted in the film) is housed in the Renaissance Center. Killshot (2008) features an opening scene in which Mickey Rourke's character, a hitman, drives a blue Cadillac along Jefferson Avenue, and enters the Marriott to assassinate a mafia leader. The History Channel's Life After People: The Series "Roads to Nowhere" episode featured the Renaissance Center. It was used as a primary filming location for Real Steel (2011). In a book by Adrian Humphreys titled The Weasel: A Double Life in the Mob, the former driver of Jimmy Hoffa and a mob associate Marvin "The Weasel" Elkind stated that Hoffa is buried in the foundations of the Renaissance Center (2011). The series finale of Motor City Masters was filmed in the GM World exhibit in the lower level of the Renaissance Center in 2014. The Renaissance Center was prominently featured in Need for Speed (2014). The RenCen is depicted in the album art of the Eminem albums Recovery (2010) and Curtain Call 2 (2022). His music video for "Lose Yourself" was filmed in Detroit, thus contains numerous shots of the city, including the building. GM's 2022 Super Bowl commercial was set in the RenCen. The ad depicted Dr. Evil and other characters from the Austin Powers films seizing control of the company, and meeting in a fictional office on an upper floor of the central tower. As part of the promotion, Dr. Evil's face was displayed on the actual tower's screens, in place of the GM logo, in the weeks preceding the Super Bowl.

Architecture of metropolitan Detroit List of tallest buildings in Detroit List of tallest buildings in Michigan List of tallest buildings in the United States List of largest buildings in the world

Q: What are the main principles behind Jazz?
Q: What innovations emerged from Jazz?

[Jazzar Pasha]
When al-Jazzar established himself in Acre in 1775, the city contained four mosques, three of which were built during Zahir's reign and one prior. Three years later, al-Jazzar had a fifth mosque built, known then as the "White Mosque" or the "Friday Mosque", but known today as the el-Jazzar Mosque. According to Philipp, it was the "largest and most beautiful" of Acre's mosques. Although al-Jazzar had no architectural background, he was the architect of the mosque and supervised the entire complex's construction. The mosque was modeled on the mosques of Constantinople and was built across from the seraglio, which served as both al-Jazzar's administrative headquarters and residence. The mosque complex contained the mosque itself, which is a square building topped by a dome, a portico at the entrance of the mosque, which consisted of five domes and arches supported by free-standing marble columns, a large courtyard with a sundial, and vaulted chambers on the courtyard's eastern, western and northern sides, which are separated from the courtyard by an arcade of arches and columns consisting of white marble and granite. The various vaulted chambers housed the central Islamic court of Acre, an Islamic theological academy, a library and lodging for pilgrims and the academy's pupils. The building material used for the complex came from ancient ruins in Acre, Caesarea and Atlit.

Following Napoleon's failed siege, al-Jazzar repaired the relatively thin and vertical wall around Acre, built by Zahir, and added a new, extensive wall around it. Al-Jazzar's fortifications included a significantly larger wall than Zahir's wall and one which was sloped and thus better placed to defend against the newer artillery of Jazzar's era. The fortifications also included a moat system and towers. In the seraglio, al-Jazzar built the diwankhanah (guest wing), a spacious area which consisted of three palaces. The largest palace was where al-Jazzar spent most of his time in the day and occasional evenings. It also had a hidden door to the harem, the second major component of the seraglio which was separated from the diwankhanah by a high wall. Only al-Jazzar had the keys to the door of the harem and kept them on his person at all times.

Al-Jazzar attached significant importance to Acre's growing commercial economy and had the large Khan al-Umdan caravanserai built in 1784 and enlarged the Khan al-Shawarda, which was built by Zahir in the 1760s. Al-Jazzar also commissioned the construction of the Suq al-Jazzar bazaar and a number of relatively minor commercial structures as well. To supply the city with fresh water, al-Jazzar launched major efforts to build an aqueduct that transported water from al-Kabri into Acre. French forces destroyed the aqueduct during their siege, but it was rebuilt by Sulayman Pasha. In 1781, al-Jazzar had a large hamaam (public bathhouse) built in Acre. The bathhouse is known as "Hammam al-Pasha" and it is among the largest and ornate Ottoman-era bathhouses in Israel. Hammam al-Basha was dedicated as a waqf (endowment) to the el-Jazzar Mosque and is built of granite, marble, porphyry and painted tiles. The hammam closed in the wake of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, became a museum run by the Municipality of Acre in 1954 and closed again in the 1990s.

Q: What makes Renaissance significant?

[Renaissance Center]
Official website  Virtual visit of the Renaissance Center Building the Detroit Renaissance Center at Wayne State University Library is a digitized and searchable collection of photographs that documents the construction of the Renaissance Center.

Q: What are the key characteristics of Jazz?
